\documentclass[a4paper, 11pt]{article}

\usepackage[english]{babel}
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage{geometry}

\geometry{hmargin=2cm, vmargin=2cm}

\title{500 words about my work at the LRDE}
\author{Guillaume Leroi}

\pagestyle{empty}
\linespread{1.5}

\begin{document}
\maketitle
\thispagestyle{empty}

Since September, my work is divided between two main objectives. One the one
hand, the Vaucanson group aims at distributing a new version of its platform, on
the other hand I had to work on my seminar.

\paragraph{}

Preparing the release of a new version of a project is a long and tedious
work. The package has to be clean, \emph{i.e} everything in the package has to
work properly. We have to check that all necessary files are present.

My work was to verify that all our programs work properly. If some of them were
incorrect, I had to check that the user is warned of that somewhere, or to
remove the program.

\paragraph{}

My seminar's subject is synchronized transducers, again. So i re-develop the
synchronization algorithm. I am also working on developing a new data structure
for synchronized transducers.

One of the particularity of a synchronized transducer is it can be seen as a
classic automaton. Therefore it may be used with already existing algorithms of
Vaucanson for classical automata.

For that reason, a new structure is added to Vaucanson, allowing a synchronized
transducer to be used as an automaton. This addition has brought to light some
problems in Vaucanson and its supposed genericity.

First, Vaucanson is generally used with letters. For synchronized transducers to
be seen as automata, pairs of letter are needed. So some compilations and
input/output issues were revealed and need to be fixed.

Second, in Vaucanson, every transitions have the same type of label. But
synchronized transducers have two types of label. Therefore, I am extending
Vaucanson to be able to used different types of label in the same automaton.
This, with the work of Guillaume Lazzara is a good test for the genericity and
extensibility of Vaucanson.

\paragraph{}

Finally, I worked on the graphical user-interface of Vaucanson. The Vaucanson
group has a connection with Taiwanese researchers who are specialized in
displaying automata on a screen, and are interested in using their own
automaton's data in Vaucanson.  The user interface is now up-to-date with the
last release of Vaucanson.

\end{document}
